hello everyone how are I bring you a
Christmas makeup video that is this
that I have put in summary are about
Very golden Christmas eyes very
festive and some lips
forced red media produced sprite
I find that it looks very beautiful it is very
favorable and is special for these
Christmas parties and all dinners
Christmas and all the things you have
and that you see the video kisses good
first very easy we are going to use a
golden color eyeliner this already
my favorite and it is very small
favorite golden flame that is the color
golden favorite of ethics
it's worth 1500 or something like that and this does
we are going to align the entire mobile eyelid and
giving a small extension out
as to lengthen the eye a little more and
give an effect more like cats eyes
feline eyes
so let's do that
we are well attached to the tabs for
that there is no blank
that looks skin and we continue painting everything
apart
we see something we like the
way and be more or less even that it is
evenly both eyes let's delineate
also the tabs down here so that
there's a whole transition in the
makeup is all united with the papacy
above and childbirth does not look like a
half weird so let's delineate with the
same success the tabs below
we have our eyes painted so we are
ready you can of course
recreate this look with any color of
eyeliner that you have I chose
this because the gold as a color more
Christmas and apart because I like it a lot
especially it's clear because
with light I do not know if you can see the
lighting shadows is just the same
pencil itself because it has a medium effect
metallized then we do not have to be
adding a color to light up another
to darken more mouth out because the
pencil only place then once that
we have this let's blur the
edges a bit so you do not see the
pencil stroke so long satan so
long so strong and up we're going to
do with a brush
like this and below you can also
do with a brush but I'm going to
do with a cotton milestone because it 's a lot
easier and it does it much faster
then with milestones with a
I do not know how to stick at all
countries saying 13 fifth so good
they take it and they just have it
by
the edge of the eyeliner
and that will fade
very softly
step to take a shade of golden color
and we will apply it in the area here
inner tear and up to half
inner lower eyelid
I'm going to use this tyson color
what is a trio called 63 o'clock
shadows for three and the color is gold and
and it is this pure golden color very Christmas
and I'm going to apply it with the same
and finally we are going to take shadows that
are matte color in this case I will
use the shadows that I showed also in
the previous video that are these shadows
of kid that I like a lot because they are
you kill and I like to illuminate
eyebrows with matte colors so that the
picture does not look so weird I'm going to use the
yellow color that like a yellow
little duck that dares bone that has the palette
and I'm going to apply it in this area below
eyebrow with a sponge too
because I want it to stand out more than anything
gold eyeliner and golden
We put inside the eye
because obviously if you're not in a
Christmas dinner or something like that they are going to take
photos so we want it to look good
then they had ready and now we're going
apply eyelash mask and / or gloss
volume already you see there are in the
black color
and we apply a lot of mascara
there we have one with the tab mark
and I recommend you use a mask
waterproof tab so that during
the night do not run away
and they are melting under the eye
once we have our eyes ready let's go
to move to the blush in this case I will
make a pink robot
is one that already shows a previous video
is one of big pamela in color
soft pink that a pink color
very soft especially because I am
blanquita then we are going to chop it with
a brochita let's smile a little and
let's find the little bit and we're going to
Apply
and we're going to expose just a little bit towards
back and finally the lips as is
a happy holiday festive season
parties and all the things I'm going to use a
pencil a pencil a red lipstick this color
it's lemon
in the color 24 passion I do not know what online
with wax I have no idea because they have
like a thousand and this color is like this is a red
pulling with closing pulling as for
pink green or something like that a very color
Pretty creamy and very moisturizing
In any case they can also apply
some layer balm to hydrate the
lips beforehand and with this is
you have to be very careful because we can
leave the muddy
and then we are going to apply life
I do not like it, even though it has
a little weird with a little square
and there would be ready the makeup I see
whiter than ever so it looks very
nice to be very festive very Christmas and
so I invite you to try them is super
Easy to do with eyelid skin and
ready super easy so I invite you to
try it invited them to try the good ones
and names and to paint and dance to me
a big kiss to everyone at a distance
Have a happy holiday, good
I hope to upload some video before and that
go very well at this end of the year on
everything for those who are with exam and
finishing the university very successful
that they spend all their branches for
be it all I hope that also
a big kiss here I had